---
title: Our Aspiration
permalink: /about-us/our-school/our-aspiration/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Our School
variant: tiptap
---
<h1>Our Aspiration</h1><p><strong>VISION</strong></p><p>Every Yuying student an <strong>EAGLE</strong> – Enterprising, Adaptable, Gracious, LEaders of the future</p><p>每个育英学子具备创新进取精神、适应变通能力、包容谦和态度，及未来引领者的素质</p><p>Our vision statement represents Yuying’s commitment to nurture future-ready leaders.</p><p>As a school with a rich history, the vision encapsulates Yuying’s ability to navigate through different seasons, developing critical skills and strengths in our students to enable them to succeed. Since its inception, Yuying has embedded the needs of the community at its core. We will continue to develop gracious individuals who create a positive and welcoming atmosphere for all while contributing to the overall wellbeing of their communities. Despite the challenges during the post-war period, our Yuying founders also sought to tap on the strengths of the community in order to pull resources together. They displayed resilience in the face of adversity and emerged as effective problem solvers by taking on the challenges. Yuying will continue to prioritise innovation among students to keep them flexible and adaptable in a dynamic and evolving world, preparing them to be leaders of the future.</p><p><strong>MISSION</strong></p><p>Nurturing a Curiosity to Learn and a Heart to Serve</p><p>培育富有求知精神、热心服务社会的学生</p><p>This captures the essence of our mission to foster an enthusiastic desire for knowledge in our students. Our curriculum and the Applied Learning Programme (ALP) aim to promote critical thinking and a desire to ask questions and seek out new information on a regular basis. At the same time, we aim to develop students’ awareness to their surroundings and a sense of rootedness through our co-curricular activities and our Lifelong Learning Programme (LLP). This will then strengthen their resolve to do good for the community and find meaning in contributing to the lives of others.</p><p><strong>VALUES</strong></p><p>Integrity, Resilience, Respect and Responsibility</p><p>诚信慎行、坚韧刚毅、友爱尊重、担当尽责</p><p>The school’s core values are drawn from the enduring values that form the bedrock of our national values. As a school, Yuying aims to create a positive environment that will develop our students’ personal character and nurture in them our shared societal and national values.</p><p><strong>MOTTO</strong></p><p>Together, Achieve Personal Excellence</p><p>携手成就个人卓越</p><p>The school motto, ‘Together, Achieve Personal Excellence’ signifies the importance of teamwork and unity within the school. With strong partnership among staff, students and our stakeholders, the school aims for every individual to pursue their personal best with courage and determination, so that they can become better versions of themselves. This effort will help the school to achieve excellence and collective success.</p><p></p>