---
title: Sec 1 Registration Exercise 2023
permalink: /useful-links/for-parents/sec1-reg-2023/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: For Parents
---
<p>Dear Parents &amp; Guardians</p><p></p><p>Greetings from Yuying Secondary School! We would like to warmly welcome you and your child/ward to our school. This letter serves to provide information on the Secondary 1 registration exercise, which will be completed online. There is no need for students and parents/guardians to be physically present in school for the exercise. Please take note of the information provided in this letter regarding the Sec 1 registration exercise:</p><p>1) Secondary 1 Registration Day on 21 December 2023</p><p>2) Purchase of school uniform and textbooks</p><p>3) Offer to take subjects at a higher level via Subject Based Banding (SBB)</p><p>4) Mother Tongue Language (MTL) matters</p><p>5) Instructions and information regarding the first day of school</p><p>6) Online health declaration form</p><p>7) Financial assistance matters</p><p>8) Communication</p><p></p><h4><strong>1) Secondary 1 Registration Day on 21 December 2023</strong></h4><p>The Secondary 1 Registration Day will take place on 21 December 2023. As mentioned, there is no need for students and parents to be physically present in school for the process. Your child’s/ward’s Form Teachers will be making a courtesy call to you between 8.30am and 2.00pm.</p><p>If you had missed the call and would like to be contacted, please call the general office at 6282 7968 so that the Form Teachers can return your call.</p><p>Students and parents who need to be in school are required to call the General Office (GO) at 6282 7968 to make an appointment. The school will not admit visitors without prior appointment to manage the number of visitors in the premises.</p><p>If there are any further queries, please contact the General Office (GO) at 6282 7968. There will be staff on standby on 21 December 2023 between 8.30am to 2.00pm to answer your queries regarding:</p><p>● Subject Based Banding (SBB) Offering</p><p>● Higher Mother Tongue Language (MTL) and 3rd Language Offering</p><p>● Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS)</p><p>● Transfer in/out of school</p><p></p><h4><strong>2) Purchase of school uniform and textbooks</strong></h4><p>Students may purchase their school uniforms, textbooks, and stationery physically in Yuying Secondary School. They may do so strictly by appointment only between 26 to 29 December 2023 (9.00am to 3.00pm). A separate Parents Gateway (PG) message will be sent to parents/guardians for them to make an appointment to purchase the school uniform and textbooks.</p><p>Appointment can be made via the links in the two PG messages on sales of uniforms/textbooks, or by calling the General Office (GO) at 6282 7968. The school will not admit visitors without prior appointment to manage the number of visitors in the premises.</p><p>There will be no trying of uniforms and students are to bring a best-fitted garment to compare and select the size. Payment for the uniforms and textbooks can be made using cash or NETS.</p><p>Please refer to the following link on the school website for information on the booklists:</p><p><a href="https://www.yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/useful-links/For-Students/School-Uniform-and-Booklist/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/useful-links/For-Students/School-Uniform-and-Booklist/</a></p><p></p><h4><strong>3) Offer to take subjects at a higher level via Subject Based Banding (SBB)</strong></h4><p>Students who are eligible to take subjects at a more demanding level (SBB) will be informed via PG. If students are taking up the offer, they should purchase the correct textbooks.</p><p>Parents are to indicate their preference on whether to take up or reject the offer(s) via PG.</p><p>Hardcopy letters of offer will only be given to students without PG on the first day of school (2 January 2024). The signed letter of offer should be returned to the Form Teachers the next day.</p><p>If you have any queries on this area, please contact Mdm Yu Ya Ting at <a href="mailto:yu_ya_ting@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">yu_ya_ting@moe.edu.sg</a>, or call the general office on 21 December 2023 from 8.30am to 2.00pm.</p><p></p><h4><strong>4) Mother Tongue Language (MTL) matters</strong></h4><p><em><u>Higher Mother Tongue Language (HMTL)</u></em></p><p>Students who are eligible to take HMTL will be informed via PG. Should students take up the offer, they would need to purchase the correct HMTL textbooks/workbooks.</p><p>Higher Chinese Language lessons will be conducted within curriculum time.</p><p>Higher Tamil Language (HTL) and Higher Malay Language (HML) lessons will be conducted at designated language centres after school.</p><p>HTL designated centre: Umar Pulavar Tamil Language Centre</p><p>HML designated centre: MOE Language Centre</p><p><em><u>Tamil Language (TL)</u></em></p><p>TL lessons will be conducted at Umar Pulavar Tamil Language Centre.</p><p><em><u>Students taking Asian Languages (Thai/Burmese) / Foreign Language</u></em></p><p>(French/German/Japanese) in lieu of MTL</p><p>Students who had taken Asian/Foreign languages in lieu of MTL at primary school have to continue taking them at secondary school.</p><p>There is no need to submit a re-application to obtain approval at the secondary school level to take Asian/Foreign Language in lieu of MTL. Students are required to continue with private study arrangements.</p><p>More information will be provided for students taking Asian /Foreign Language in Week 1 of 2024.</p><p><em><u>Third Languages: Malay (Special Programme), Chinese (Special Programme), Bahasa Indonesia, Arabic, French, German, Japanese and Spanish</u></em></p><p>Students who have applied to take a third language will be notified of their application outcomes via a phone call. Both successful and unsuccessful applications will be notified.</p><p>Students who have been offered Malay (Special Programme) or Chinese (Special Programme) by the zonal centres must register online at the respective zonal centre websites to accept the offer. Students who have been offered to take a Foreign Language must register with MOE Language Centre to accept the offer.</p><p></p><h4><strong>5) Instructions and information regarding the first day of school</strong></h4><p>The school year begins on 2 January 2024 (Tuesday). Students are expected to report to school by 7.30am. Students who intend to appeal for a transfer to another school (but do not have a successful application yet) should still report to school on the first day of school. More details regarding the first week of school will be shared in another PG message by 29 December 2023.</p><p></p><h4><strong>6) Online health declaration form</strong></h4><p>A detailed Medical Record Form and Student Details Form will be issued on PG by January 2024. As it will take some time for us to gather all the information, the school would like to request that all parents fill in a simplified health declaration form first via the following form (<a href="https://forms.moe.edu.sg/forms/JkKbGJ" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://forms.moe.edu.sg/forms/JkKbGJ</a>) by 22 December 2023 so that we can be aware of any important medical needs of our students when the school year starts. By completing this form, you would have completed the online registration process.</p><p></p><h4><strong>7) Financial assistance matters</strong></h4><p>Students on the MOE-Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS) will need to make an appointment via the same links in the two PG messages on sales of uniforms/textbooks. They will need to bring along the letter issued by their primary school on successful application of FAS for 2024.</p><p>Please refer to the school website for more information on financial assistance (MOE-FAS):</p><p>(<a href="https://www.yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/useful-links/For-Students/School-Fees-and-Financial-Assistance/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/useful-links/For-Students/School-Fees-and-Financial-Assistance/</a>)</p><p></p><h4><strong>8) Communication</strong></h4><p>The school website, <a href="https://yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://yuyingsec.moe.edu.sg/</a>, is the portal for communication with the general public. The school will also communicate with parents via Parents Gateway (PG). The Parents Gateway is a digital platform developed by the Ministry of Education and GovTech to bring greater convenience to parents to perform simple administrative transactions and to stay updated on school programmes and activities. Parents who do not have access to PG may contact the school via email, <a href="mailto:yuying_ss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">yuying_ss@moe.edu.sg</a>, for information regarding the onboarding procedure.</p><p></p><p>Thank you.</p><p>We look forward to receiving your child on the first day of school next year!</p><p></p><p>Warm Regards</p><p>Yuying Secondary School</p>